Introduce yourself.
What is your day-to-day activity?
Explain your roles and responsibility.

Git:
How to create or initialize git repository? 
What is the difference between Git pull and Git fetch and git clone and fork?
What is your branching strategy or merging stratergy?
What is the difference between Git merge and Git rebase?
What is the difference between .git and .gitignore ? 
What is git stash & git Stash pop?
What is the difference between merge --squash and rebase?
What is Pull Request ?
What will happen when you have conflict when you commit the code? 
Git Commands:

Terraform: 
 What is terraform? Why? 
 What is Terraform init?
 How does terraform work? Lifecycle.
 What are plugins and providers? 
 Tell me the scenario where you come across provisioners? 
 What are modules in Terraform? 
 What happens when 2 people apply the terraform code together? How to overcome with the conflict in the terraform? 
 Can we merge 2 different statefile? 
 Few challenges that came across while working with Terraform? 
 What is terraform Statefile? 
 What are the best practices in Terraform? 
 Let's assume 2 resources you are creating using Terraform, but we need to make sure once 1st resource is created successfully then only need to 
  start creating 2nd resource, Is this possible? 
 Terraform commands:
 Basic terraform configuiration file: 

Docker:
 What is docker?
 What is the docker container and how it is different from Virtual machine?
 What is Dockerfile? 
 What are docker images? 
 What is CMD vs ENTRYPOINT command in Dockerfile?
 What is the difference between ADD and COPY commands in Dockerfile? 
 Can you write a Dockerfile for Java Based Application?
 Docker Commands:

K8s:
 What are the main components of Kubernetes architecture?
 What is Deployment K8s and Why?
 What are Taint and toleration? why it is required?
 What is Node Affinity?
 What are Demon Sets? Why it is used?
 What is Configmap in K8s?
 How to handle Secrets in K8s?
 Kubernetes Commands:

AWS CLoud:
 What is AWS Cloudfront ? Why we need to use Cloudfront? 
 What are Security Group and NACL?
 What is VPC, Subnet , Route Tables ?
 What is Elastic IP , Internet Gateway, NAT gateway?
 What is Cloudtrail and Cloudwatch? 
 What is IAM ? What are, Users, User Groups, IAM role, IAM policies ?





